2018年赚钱好项目：鹊桥
Good Projects to Make Money in 2018: Magpie Bridge
婚姻介绍所需选在交通出入比较方便的地方，同时，还要有一套比较完整的资料库，征婚者的资料包括基本情况、照片等，将网络服务作为婚姻介绍所的延伸服务。开办一家婚姻套餐服务行，其实是很有前途的事业，除牵线搭桥外，可以传授求爱方式及提供传情达意服务等，提高恋爱成功率的工作都可以拓展，红娘做成，婚事又有许多工作要做，结婚用品、结婚礼品、结婚彩照、婚事宴客、无房者的婚日洞房，还有婚事用车;婚事成功后，家庭就此诞生可以提供家政培训、请保姆帮工，或者帮助有了分歧的人排疑释难，为婚后生活并不美满的人送温情。结婚周年志庆活动会随时日的发展而逐步红火起来，套餐服务应当受理这方面的服务工作。最后，婚姻套餐服务业最好搞联营，而且不妨借用旅游业的通用做法。
Marriage introductions need to be made in places where transportation is relatively convenient. At the same time, there should be a relatively complete database, including basic information, photographs and so on. Internet services will be used as an extension of marriage introductions. It is a promising career to set up a marriage package service business. Apart from bridging, it can teach courtship methods and provide courtship services. The work of improving the success rate of love can be expanded. The Red Lady makes it, and there is a lot of work to be done in marriage. Marriage supplies, wedding gifts, wedding color photographs and wedding banquets. The bridal chamber of the guest and the houseless person, as well as the wedding car, can provide training for housekeeping, help the nanny, or help the people who have different opinions to solve problems, and give warmth to the people who are not happy after marriage. The anniversary anniversary anniversary anniversary anniversary celebrations will gradually flourish with the development of the day. Package service should accept the service work in this regard. Finally, the marriage packages service industry is best to establish joint ventures, and may wish to borrow the general practice of tourism.
2018年赚钱好项目：海水专卖
Good Projects to Make Money in 2018: Sea Water Monopoly
天然海水不但可以卖给海产品批发商，还可以运到城市里卖给各种海鲜酒楼。他们那些海产品不但要保鲜，还放养在玻璃缸中向顾客展示，海水对于他们更加重要。除此之外，城市里需要海水的地方还有一些海洋类观赏鱼养殖的地方等，其实在内陆地区有很多地方需要天然的海水，市场不小，但需要开发。海水专卖最大的投资是在运输方面，如果你的客户离海边不远，送水上门还没有什么困难。如果你的客户在内陆地区，你也许需要用火车来运输。不过内地的海水市场一旦被打开，投在运输上的资金回笼也是很快的。另外一点就是海水的质量问题，比如说我国东部每个海区海水所含成分是有区别的，你要把你所卖的海水的主要成分、特点、适合哪些海产品等标注清楚，别看你卖的是天然海水，客户同样需要质量保证。
Natural seawater can be sold not only to seafood wholesalers, but also to various seafood restaurants in cities. Their seafood should not only be fresh, but also be kept in glass VATS to show customers that sea water is more important to them. In addition, there are also some places where the city needs sea water, such as marine ornamental fish farming. In fact, there are many places in the inland area that need natural sea water. The market is not small, but need to be developed. The biggest investment in seawater monopoly is in transportation. If your customer is not far from the seaside, there is no difficulty in delivering the water door. If your customers are in the Inland area, you may need to transport them by train. However, once the inland seawater market is opened, the return of funds invested in transportation is also very fast. Another point is the quality of seawater. For example, the composition of seawater in each area of Eastern China is different. You should clearly mark the main ingredients, characteristics and seafood that you sell, not to mention the natural seawater you sell. Customers also need quality assurance.
2018年赚钱好项目：小型跑马场
Good Productive Projects in 2018: Small Racecourse
跑马场面积大约需一二十亩左右，附近必须带有工作间，可供改建成办公室和马厩，对于马的品种并不需太苛求，花2000-3000元就可以买到一匹驯服的马，供一般的小型马场使用就足够了。
The area of the racetrack is about 120 mu. There must be a workshop nearby, which can be converted into offices and stables. There is no need to be too strict with the breed of horses. A domesticated horse can be bought for 2000-3000 yuan, which is enough for the general small-scale racetrack.
另外，你还得配上马勒、马鞍等乘具。这几项，总共还用不了2万元，其中1万元左右用于购买马匹，3000-4000元买马具，再加上几千元的运费，你就可以买上4-5匹马并将它们运回南方了。
In addition, you have to equip with muller, saddle and other riders. These items, a total of less than 20,000 yuan, including about 10,000 yuan for the purchase of horses, 3,000-4,000 yuan for the purchase of harness, coupled with several thousand yuan of freight, you can buy 4-5 horses and transport them back to the south.
在买马的同时，你还应该在当地物色一名驯马师，在买马时你可以请他帮着挑选马匹，以保证马的质量，然后聘请他到你的马场工作，帮偿照料马匹。至于平时的马饲料，你也大可不必担心，南方盛产的稻草、玉米，再加上一些苜蓿、豆荚皮、胡萝卜、糠麸、青草等，就足以把马儿养得膘肥体健。
While buying a horse, you should also find a local trainer. When buying a horse, you can ask him to help select horses to ensure the quality of the horse. Then you can hire him to work in your farm to help take care of the horse. As for horse feed, you don't have to worry about it. The rich straw and Maize in the south, together with some alfalfa, pods, carrots, bran and grass, are enough to keep the horses fat and healthy.
跑马的收费可定在每跑1圈5元，节假日8元，学生适当优惠。这样的价格既能保证收益，又具有较强的竞争力。除跑马之外，还可以搞些诸如马术表演、骑马摄影之类的特色活动的经营项目。据初步测算，办一个小型跑马场，1年即可收回投资，第二年开始将有数万元的净收入。
The charge for running horses can be set at 5 yuan per lap and 8 yuan for holidays. Students can get appropriate discounts. Such a price not only guarantees revenue, but also has strong competitiveness. In addition to horse racing, we can also engage in some special activities such as equestrian performances, horse riding photography and other business projects. According to preliminary estimates, a small racetrack can recover investment in one year and net income of tens of thousands of yuan will start in the next year.
2018年赚钱好项目：竹炭生意
Good Projects to Make Money in 2018: Bamboo Charcoal Business
竹炭是天然的环保保健产品，利用其超强的吸附性、释放红外线及负离子研制发出100多种产品，竹炭在日本被称之为“黑钻石”是居家必备品，风行日本、泰国、新加坡等东南亚国家多年，竹炭在中国也被列入星火计划在全国出现燎原之势。用竹炭作燃料，它散发的清香可使满室芬芳，闻之令人神清气爽。
Bamboo charcoal is a kind of natural environmental protection and health care product. More than 100 kinds of products have been developed and produced by using its super-strong adsorption, infrared radiation and negative ions. Bamboo charcoal is called "black diamond" in Japan. It has been popular in Japan, Thailand, Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries for many years. Bamboo charcoal has also been included in the national Spark Program in China. The trend of prairie fire appears. Using bamboo charcoal as fuel, its fragrance can make the room fragrant and refreshing.
竹炭不仅易于燃烧，而且用量节省。除作燃料外，竹香炭还可广泛应用于食品烹调、烘烤、储藏及保鲜，烹制米饭时置入一块竹香炭，可保护其营养成分不易损失，米饭更是香软可口;将竹炭放入冰箱内，可去除异味，防止食物变质，延长食物保鲜期;油炸食物时，放入少许竹炭，不但可以省油，而且能保证油质不变;用其炖煮食物，可使食物迅速酥软。
Bamboo charcoal not only burns easily, but also saves consumption. In addition to fuel, bamboo charcoal can also be widely used in food cooking, baking, storage and preservation. When cooking rice, a piece of bamboo charcoal can protect its nutrient components from loss, and rice is more delicious. When bamboo charcoal is put into the refrigerator, it can remove odor, prevent food deterioration and prolong food preservation period. A little bamboo charcoal can not only save oil, but also keep the oil quality unchanged. Steaming food with bamboo charcoal can make the food crisp and soft quickly.
用竹炭浸泡自来水，可去除水中的漂白粉气味以及各类有害杂质，且水中污物不易粘附卫生洁具;将竹炭置入卫生间或衣橱内，可去除异味，防止衣物霉驻;置于鱼缸中，可使水质更为干净，鱼类不易受病菌侵害。
Soaking tap water with bamboo charcoal can remove the odor of bleaching powder and all kinds of harmful impurities in water, and dirt in water is not easy to adhere to sanitary ware; putting bamboo charcoal in toilet or wardrobe can remove odor and prevent mildew of clothes; putting it in fish tank can make water cleaner and fish less vulnerable to pathogens.
由于用途广泛，功能多样，竹炭越来越深受各国消费者的喜爱，如此广阔的市场，不妨开一家竹炭制品专卖店。开这么一家竹炭制品店的投资不大，主要就是店面租金、装修费用、员工工资和流动资金几大块，店面只要十几平方米即可，员工1名，总投资计5万元左右。竹炭制品的利润率为50%，日均营业额差不多600元左右，半年的毛利可突破10万元，可收回全年
Because of its wide use and various functions, bamboo charcoal is becoming more and more popular with consumers all over the world. With such a wide market, it is advisable to open a bamboo charcoal product store. The investment in opening such a bamboo charcoal product shop is not large, mainly including shop rent, decoration costs, employee wages and liquidity. The shop only needs a dozen square meters, employee 1, total investment of about 50,000 yuan. The profit margin of bamboo charcoal products is 50%. The average daily turnover is about 600 yuan. The gross profit of half a year can exceed 100,000 yuan, which can be recovered for the whole year.
