有兴趣创业的同学和老板,可以直接联系我 微信facial58,QQ:1437352232

基于github开源实现创业

把github代码商业化,


经常有人问 程序员应该怎么创业 怎么创业成功率才能更高 我们从以下几个方面来说明一下程序员应该怎么规划自己的创业路。
Often people ask programmers how to start a business and how to have a higher success rate. We explain how programmers should plan their own business path from the following aspects.
工具/原料
Tools / raw materials
程序员
Programmer
本金
Principal
方法/步骤
Methods / steps
1
One
技术型创业
Technological entrepreneurship
把这个放在第一位的原因是 这个是程序员的本行。通过开发一个满足客户需求的APP或者是网站来盈利。
The reason for putting this first is that it's a programmer's line. Make money by developing an APP or website that meets customer needs.
程序员怎么创业
How do programmers start a business
2
Two
电子商务创业
E-commerce Entrepreneurship
程序员可以开一些关于电脑周边的网店。身为程序员 可能比常人对于电子产品的敏感度和专业性更高。在给予一些电脑装机小白帮助的同时  推荐自己的电子类产品 是一个不错的选择、
Programmers can open online stores around computers. Being a programmer may be more sensitive and professional than ordinary people about electronic products. It's a good choice to recommend your electronic products while giving some help to install computers.
程序员怎么创业
How do programmers start a business
3
Three
自媒体创业
Self media Entrepreneurship
随着各大自媒体平台的火热。自媒体创业是一个不错的选择。而且这个也可以在职创业。挤一挤自己的空余时间。写一些关于科技类或者是技术类的文章。或者是你的爱好 总之 自媒体创业 只要有好的内容 还是有机会的。
With the popularity of major self-Media platforms. Self-media entrepreneurship is a good choice. And this can also be on-the-job entrepreneurship. Squeeze your spare time. Write some articles about technology or technology. Or your hobby, in short, starting a business from the media as long as there are good content or opportunities.
程序员怎么创业
How do programmers start a business
4
Four
要做自己擅长的事情
Do what you are good at
程序员擅长的事情就是技术与电子产品相关的领域。我们也建议从这些领域入手。而不是凭借最近什么火热就投身进入。如果贸然进入自己不熟悉的行业。失败的可能性极大。而且会消耗你的创业热情
What programmers are good at is the areas related to technology and electronic products. We also suggest starting from these areas. Instead of jumping in with any recent enthusiasm. If you rush into an industry you are not familiar with. The possibility of failure is great. And it will consume your enthusiasm for entrepreneurship.
程序员怎么创业
How do programmers start a business
5
Five
开拓自己的视野
Open up your horizon
不要将自己的全部精力投放在技术开发中。程序员的优点是懂技术。缺点也是懂技术、懂技术的人往往会忽视一些市场客观规律。所以如果程序员想要创业就要以一个产品+市场的定位来创业。
Don't devote all your energy to technology development. The advantage of programmers is that they understand technology. The disadvantage is that people who know technology and know technology often neglect some objective laws of the market. So if programmers want to start a business, they need to start a business with a product + market orientation.
程序员怎么创业
How do programmers start a business
END
END
注意事项
Matters needing attention
不要有程序员思维 即：技术决定一切
Don't have a programmer's mind: technology decides everything.
做自己擅长的事情 成功率会更高、
The success rate of doing what you are good at will be higher.
